Launch and manage advanced affiliate programs
Over 3,000 affiliate programs are running on our platform. 150,000+ affiliates use our platform through those programs. From a powerful commission structure to our white-label partner portal, our feature-rich platform is the foundation for building robust affiliate partnerships.

Start free now

Start free with Google


Powerful affiliate programs. Engaging rewards.
Stay competitive with a fully customizable program structure and advanced commissions. Fine-tune every setting and align the program with your business goals.

Sophisticated commission structure
Decide when and how your partners will be rewarded. Set commission length & type.

Product-based commissions
Set individual commission rates for specific products or product groups.

Goal-based rewards
Keep your partners motivated by rewarding them for reaching set goals.
Multi-tier commission
Encourage your partners to recruit new affiliates to your program.
Dynamic commissions
Offer varying commission rates based on partner performance.

Advanced links
Add product pages or connect external sites as additional links for your partners to promote.
Custom tracking links
Connect a custom domain for additional branded tracking links.

Payout management
Automate payouts through PayPal, wire transfers, or both. 

Subscription management
Offer recurring commissions for subscription-based products.
Simplified partner recruitment
Promote your program with a white-label introduction page and encourage participation with registration popups and embedded forms.

Program introduction page
Create a dedicated program page showcasing the benefits and details of your program:
Easily share and promote the program
Full control over the branding and copy
Simplify sign-ups and encourage participation

Pop-up and embeddable signup forms
Collect more partners with customizable embedded or pop-up signup forms:
Fully white-labeled to match your brand’s identity
Embed the forms into your website or use pop-ups
Adjust visibility settings for targeted engagement

Create a unique partner portal with a branded look and feel
We know how important branding is. Don’t compromise your vision with a white-label partner portal. Provide your partners with a seamless experience.


Design settings
Choose your layout, colors,  and fonts. Add your logo and fav icon. Change or translate the text and connect your domain.


Custom dashboard
Decide how the partner dashboard will look like. Include what’s important, change the layout, and add custom blocks.


Resources page
Build a unique resource hub and manage it in real-time. Upload various marketing materials, add descriptions, and swap out assets


Signup & login pages
Personalize and design signup and login pages. Add your images and text, collect marketing permissions, and customize the registration form.


Onboarding cards
Welcome new partners with custom onboarding cards. Share the most important information, contact details, and next steps.


Approval form
Build a fully customizable questionnaire to find out more about your partners. Review and approve new applicants before they get access to your program.


Program page
Build a dedicated page to share and promote your program across the web.


Invoice management
Provide your partners with the option to upload invoices when requesting a payout.


Google Recaptcha
Add an additional layer of protection from spam, bots, and other abuse.

Get to know your partners
Keeping your affiliate partners motivated is crucial. Remember, often 20% of affiliate partners are responsible for 80% of sales.

Offer performance-based rewards.
Provide auto-generated promotion codes.
Find top-performing partners based on sales or traffic.
Assign individual commission rates or payout options.
Invite new prospects to join your program.
Track individual partner performance and manage accounts.
Monitor program performance
Track and analyze data with program insights to identify what's working for you and where you can start making adjustments. Access real-time analytics and stay on top of key performance indicators.

For those with more than one program running, use the account dashboard to view data aggregated across all your partnership programs.


Optimize your work
Simplify and automate daily tasks and dedicate your time to what’s important - building long-lasting partnerships and growing your business.

Automated payouts
Cut hours of manual tasks by paying all your partners at once with PayPal or Wise integrations.

Read more
Integrations
Connect Partnero with your favorite tools to create workflows and complete tasks automatically.

Explore
Program emails
Design automated emails that align with your brand communications. We’ll make sure they’re sent on time.

Put your partners at the forefront
Make it easy for your partners to promote your product successfully by providing them with essential features and guaranteeing a great partner experience, from sign-up to payouts.

Multiple custom affiliate links
Possibility to create as many unique individual affiliate links as your partners require.
PayPal or Wise payouts
Easily transfer funds to your partners directly from your Partnero account to their bank or PayPal accounts.
QR codes
Simplify offline promotion with automatically-generated QR codes for every unique affiliate link.
Social sharing
One-click social media sharing with pre-written messages and automatically embedded affiliate links.
Reporting
Detailed aggregated data about clicks, signups and sales as well as individual reporting for every unique affiliate link.
Resources library
Access to a fully customizable resources page where you can upload various marketing materials.
Explore more features
Multiple programs under one account
Multi-Currency Handling
Pre-defined partner portal translations
Email notifications about new activity
API and Webhooks
Subscription-based commission
Coupon codes
Automated refund handling
Partner portal SEO settings
Manage your partnerships like never before.
Start your free 30-day trial today. Sign up in seconds. No credit card required.
Get started now
Partnero
Partnership programs tailor-made for your business

Email address
Subscribe
Subscribe for product updates. For more details, review ourPrivacy Policy.
